Wait finally it's cooked T-T

haganezuka san- .. bruhh nezuko is tooo kawaii i can't T-T.. 14:14 it was clean af, boi everyone maxed out in a blink of an eye i had to watch twice that part.. genya really said ohh you sure it's only sword fight?
Yup so far its more comedy than action but remember everybody gotta heal up and train a lil first. All the badass action scene should be right around the corner
I'm pretty sure they use them a few times with zenitsu related stuff, and he shows up a little less in the second half of the show, so I can't really recall if they do it later...

But yeah, the parody faces are mostly there to make it easier to digest all the dialogue stuff, DS always uses comedy to mask out the stillness of whatever has to happen between fights.
Edit: It's not right around the corner, it's fckn here‼️‼️
19:57 this one gonna be a meme face fs.. nahh bruhh i only started how tf it's ended..
Warning: There are many 9anime copy cat sites on the internet, please bookmark 9anime.me to update about 9anime's domains.
The Swordsmith Village Arc has undergone adaptation, featuring a debut episode stretching up to around 49 minutes. Furthermore, the showcasing of the episode took place in advance across theaters worldwide, as a one-of-a-kind screening experience coinciding with the final two episodes of Kimetsu no Yaiba: Yuukaku-hen.
The next episode is predicted to arrive on 2023/04/30 00:30 GMT (12 hours, 36 minutes, 41 seconds)
Damn.. MiHawk is so cool
"It's about time we eat."
"But the food storage is empty..."
"There is a lot of things we can catch and eat... My honey, I wanna eat your homemade dishes!"
comparatively whitebeard's a fucking beast so it will be interesting to see how luffy's power and abilities are gonna evolve into something of the same scale to be able to achieve his dream of becoming the King of the Pirates
I dunno. Even when Mihawk first spoke to Luffy at the restaurant he told Luffy his dream was even greater than wanting to beat him. Being King of the Pirates is to essentially be above every person on the planet in terms of respect in a way that you are considered truly the most free. That probably even means being untouchable by the world government which is nigh impossible. The only way for such a person to be caught would be for them to turn themselves in much like what Roger did. Regardless though yeah they both have pretty intense dreams and ambition.
Episode 3 of Demon Slayer season 3 was an epitome of what makes kny enjoyable. the comedy has never been so well done and they far exceeded my expectations with the clones, mist breathing, the ost and genya. a 10/10 adaptation and episode, next week is gonna be CRAZY
According to One Piece animators, the climax episodes of Wano will have greater animation than Demon Slayer Season 3, Bleach TYBW, JJK Season 2 and others
We are just a few weeks away from seeing Mitsuri Kanroji making her grand entrance just to do absolutely NOTHING!
Personally, my favorite part of Skypeia was Noland's backstory, I find it very touching; how he was introduced as a character that told big lies to become famous, only to find out he was very honest and hardworking and in his final days waiting for his execution he wasn't thinking about his own predicament, but rather, what happened to his friend, hoping that he was somehow still okay. I enjoy the Noland scenes very much, because it is all to common that is how actual history plays out as well. 

Most of the villains are locked away in the underwater prison Impel Down (which is based off Dante's Inferno; the prison is divided into 6 levels and each level has a distinct theme for crime and punishment). Eventually you'll see some previous enemies pop back up, turns out there imprisoned in Impel Down.
I felt that way about Usopp until the Water 7 arc. He shows his insecurities. He doesn’t become a bad ass, but he’s much more relatable.
I think his personality up until water 7 is  to help him grow more down the road. Also skypia is slow in regards to other arcs but it is genuinely one of the more important arcs for the series
I think the arc you’re about to go into (water 7/enies lobby) will be your favorite so far. Water 7 takes a step back from a lot of the journey but instead focuses on the character relationships and character conflicts. Hope you keep enjoying it!
You should check out the One Pace project, it helps with the terrible pacing quite a bit. It's kind of all over the place in terms of which arcs they've covered, and it isn't finished, but it helps significantly with what it does cover.
I honestly think you will really enjoy the next big arc: water 7/eneies lobby. Amazing character development across the board and phenomenal story/world building.
As someone who is now 680 episodes in, I can say that it does get VERY good. The first 200 so episodes are good, but nothing too much. Once you get to Water 7, Enies Lobby, Sabaody Archipelago, Impel Down, and Marineford, it is just INCREDIBLE. The amount of character development, world and story building is next level. You just gotta keep pushing and it will pay off more than you could have known. I’m currently on Dressrosa. Best arc since Marineford.
I like luffy because he is so carefree in such a serious world. He is stoic in a childlike and humorous manner. His way of bringing people together and overcoming odds by using his body in creative ways makes him cool to me. He always plays risky wild cards and willing to die for his goal. He isnt discriminatory based on strength but whether they're a quitter. Don't matter if you're a chopper or a zoro as long as you don't have a shitty attitude you ait with luffy.
Without getting into spoilers Luffy doesn't change too much over the series in terms of goofiness, however he does go through some very good character developing experiences and although the goofiness doesn't go away he becomes much more endearing. I've just caught up to the most current arc over the course of 7 years so my memory isn't the best on events earlier in the series but at least to me he becomes a much more likable character.
Something of note: Death in this story while rare is always impactful. More often than not however characters dont get killed, their dreams do. Often luffy crushes the dreams/reputation of the villains he fights rather than killing them. I mean whats worse losing any and all reputation and no longer being able to pursue your ambition or dying?
Skypiea is connected to the greater story but really for what feels like forever its like they got isekaid and got back at the end of the arc. The next saga will alleviate some of your points of annoyances somewhat I believe. Also about the not killing villains, Oda once said in an SBS that luffy ends his enemies dreams giving them an even greater defeat than death. Basically he makes them reconsider life instead of taking their lives
The best thing by far about One Piece is it's world building and how Oda ties things together that he sometimes set up for 500+ chapters. Also i will say that after Skypiea all arc become really good aside from thriller bark which is a hit or miss in the community. The way i look at it is that what ur getting in the beginning is Luffy acquiring a crew and estabilishing how much he cares about them. Soon u will go more on an adventure to become the king of the pirates.
I really appreciate that Charlie covered his thoughts about One Piece! I also loved the Alabasta arc but I really can't wait to hear his thoughts on the Enies Lobby / Water 7 arc. I think that is one of the most memorable arcs in any series I've ever read or watched. It was heart wrenching and I loved all the unique characters that were introduced in that arc. I was a big fan of the enemies. There were just so many good parts of that arc that were so memorable.
Yeah, you said it. It really is about staying patient with one piece. It's really not for everyone, and it's definitely not perfect. I have a massive problem with its fights, they are 1000% the weakest part of the show for me... but, the storytelling is amazing. And it really is impressive how it seems like nothing is done "just because", there is thought put into every little detail, things don't get rushed, and you learn to trust the author that every single question you have will be answered, and it will make sense. It's fascinating, especially for this long a show, and that's what keeps me watching.
I agree with Charlie's frustration with the lack of deaths in the series which would have made things a bit more realistic and feel less fantastical. If Pell had died sacrificing himself in the Alabasta arc, his death would be heavy but full of meaning. It would have left a much stronger impact.
I watched the anime up until water 7 until I started reading the manga, the manga really is the way to go. You can read 5 chapters in the time it takes to watch a single episode. Restarted a while back and im currently on chapter 764 after reading for 5 months. Been watching one piece for like 10 years but im determined to be caught up by the end of this one
Charlie, you're in for a wild ride. I agree with you with not killing any character but when Oda did so, it hits deep in your soul. I started watching One Piece in my 1st year of college because it got me curios and I finished it in two months and became my #1 piece of media ever created. I've watched a lot of anime and movies prior to watching One Piece and nothing really compares what it made me feel like One Piece did. Sure it has some annoying traits and plot holes but it doesn't ruined it for me. Once you gon caught up to it you realize it was not enough and end up reading the manga. I understand that One Piece is such a slow burner of a series but the long wait is worth it. The lore and world building is I think is One Piece's greatest strength. 
Trust me I watched the entire One Piece series THREE TIMES just to recreate what it made me feel lmao. I envy you charlie for not knowing what's ahead of the story. Keep on you're own pace man. I'm waiting for your reaction after you caught up to One Piece.
One thing about Pell’s sacrifice scene, he was originally going to die. The manga chapter was published shortly after 9/11 so Oda and his publisher thought it would be better to change the ending regarding his death. Oda gets into his groove in the next arc. It’s the first taste of what One Piece really is going forward. Hope you enjoy it.
The stakes and payoff in One Piece are based on emotion. Emotion is the reason why Luffy destroying Arlong Park is an amazing moment. Just thinking about Luffys reaction to seeing the room that Nami was using when she was forced to draw maps makes me happy. These moments are why people love One Piece. If they do not land for someone, One Piece is probably not something they will ever love. Since Charlie is commited to force himself through all of it, I am interested if later arcs will be able to grab him with the emotion, but if the next saga does not do it... I am not going to be expecting anything to do it.
Like sometimes the anime makes irritating scenes period but luffy is cool.
Highly doubt you're going to do this, but I'd recommend reading it after you're caught up with the show. I'm doing that now and it's super interesting seeing the pieces of the puzzle come together after you already know what the picture is supposed to look like. Plus it's less of a slog to read so it's not like consuming an absurd amount of content for a second time. Plus there's some added content either the cover stories.
there was something unintentionally hilarious about Amanda getting mad at Cory for typing "Police" over and over as the incorrect answer.

ogres are like onions, they stink? yes, no
somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me i ain't the sharpest tool in the shed, she was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb in a shape of an l on her forehead yeh the ain't stop coming and the they don't stop coming  