THE EVE OF THE WAR

No one would have believed in the last years of the nineteenth

century that this world was being watched keenly and closely by

intelligences greater than man’s and yet as mortal as his own; that as

men busied themselves about their various concerns they were

scrutinised and studied, perhaps almost as narrowly as a man with a

microscope might scrutinise the transient creatures that swarm and

multiply in a drop of water. With infinite complacency men went to

and fro over this globe about their little affairs, serene in their

assurance of their empire over matter. It is possible that the

infusoria under the microscope do the same. No one gave a thought to

the older worlds of space as sources of human danger, or thought of

them only to dismiss the idea of life upon them as impossible or

improbable. It is curious to recall some of the mental habits of

those departed days. At most terrestrial men fancied there might be

other men upon Mars, perhaps inferior to themselves and ready to

welcome a missionary enterprise. Yet across the gulf of space, minds
that are to our minds as ours are to those of the beasts that perish,

intellects vast and cool and unsympathetic, regarded this earth with

envious eyes, and slowly and surely drew their plans against us. And

early in the twentieth century came the great disillusionment.

 

The planet Mars, I scarcely need remind the reader, revolves about the

sun at a mean distance of 140,000,000 miles, and the light and heat it

receives from the sun is barely half of that received by this world.

It must be, if the nebular hypothesis has any truth, older than our

world; and long before this earth ceased to be molten, life upon its
surface must have begun its course. The fact that it is scarcely one

seventh of the volume of the earth must have accelerated its cooling

to the temperature at which life could begin. It has air and water

and all that is necessary for the support of animated existence.

 

Yet so vain is man, and so blinded by his vanity, that no writer,

up to the very end of the nineteenth century, expressed any idea that

intelligent life might have developed there far, or indeed at all,

beyond its earthly level. Nor was it generally understood that since

Mars is older than our earth, with scarcely a quarter of the

seventh of the volume of the earth must have accelerated its cooling

to the temperature at which life could begin. It has air and water

and all that is necessary for the support of animated existence.

 

Yet so vain is man, and so blinded by his vanity, that no writer,

up to the very end of the nineteenth century, expressed any idea that

intelligent life might have developed there far, or indeed at all,

beyond its earthly level. Nor was it generally understood that since

Mars is older than our earth, with scarcely a quarter of the

superficial area and remoter from the sun, it necessarily follows that

it is not only more distant from time’s beginning but nearer its end.

 

The secular cooling that must someday overtake our planet has

already gone far indeed with our neighbour. Its physical condition is

still largely a mystery, but we know now that even in its equatorial

region the midday temperature barely approaches that of our coldest

winter. Its air is much more attenuated than ours, its oceans have

shrunk until they cover but a third of its surface, and as its slow

seasons change huge snowcaps gather and melt about either pole 


All children, except one, grow up. They soon know that they will grow up, and the way Wendy knew was this. One day when she was two years old she was playing in a garden, and she plucked another flower and ran with it to her mother. I suppose she must have looked rather delightful, for Mrs. Darling put her hand to her heart and cried, “Oh, why can’t you remain like this for ever!” This was all that passed between them on the subject, but henceforth Wendy knew that she must grow up. You always know after you are two. Two is the beginning of the end.

Of course they lived at 14 [their house number on their street], and until Wendy came her mother was the chief one. She was a lovely lady, with a
romantic mind and such a sweet mocking mouth. Her romantic mind was like the tiny boxes, one within the other, that come from the puzzling East, however many you discover there is always one more; and her sweet mocking mouth had one kiss on it that Wendy could never get, though there it was, perfectly conspicuous in the right-hand corner.

The way Mr. Darling won her was this: the many gentlemen who had been boys when she was a girl discovered simultaneously that they loved her, and they all ran to her house to propose to her except Mr. Darling, who took a cab and nipped in first, and so he got her. He got all of her, except the innermost box and the kiss. He never knew about the box, and in time he gave up trying for the kiss. Wendy thought Napoleon could have got it, but I can picture him trying, and then going off in a passion, slamming the door.

Mr. Darling used to boast to Wendy that her mother not only loved him but respected him. He was one of those deep ones who know about stocks and shares. Of course no one really knows, but he quite seemed to know, and he often said stocks were up and shares were down in a way that would have made any woman respect him.

Mrs. Darling was married in white, and at first she kept the books perfectly, almost gleefully, as if it were a game, not so much as a Brussels sprout was missing; but by and by whole cauliflowers dropped out, and instead of them there were pictures of babies without faces. She drew them when she should have been totting up. They were Mrs. Darling’s guesses.

Wendy came first, then John, then Michael.

For a week or two after Wendy came it was doubtful whether they would be able to keep her, as she was another mouth to feed. Mr. Darling was frightfully proud of her, but he was very honourable, and he sat on the edge of Mrs. Darling’s bed, holding her hand and calculating expenses, while she looked at him imploringly. She wanted to risk it, come what might, but that was not his way; his way was with a pencil and a piece of paper, and if she confused him with suggestions he had to begin at the beginning again.

“Now don’t interrupt,” he would beg of her.
I have one pound seventeen here, and two and six at the office; I can cut off my coffee at the office, say ten shillings, making two nine and six, with your eighteen and three makes three nine seven, with five naught naught in my cheque-book makes eight nine seven — who is that moving? — eight nine seven, dot and carry seven — don’t speak, my own — and the pound you lent to that man who came to the door — quiet, child — dot and carry child — there, you’ve done it! — did I say nine nine seven? yes, I said nine nine seven; the question is, can we try it for a year on nine nine seven?”

“Of course we can, George,” she cried. But she was prejudiced in Wendy’s favour, and he was really the grander character of the two.

“Remember mumps,” he warned her almost threateningly, and off he went again. “Mumps one pound, that is what I have put down, but I daresay it will be more like thirty shillings — don’t speak — measles one five, German measles half a guinea, makes two fifteen six — don’t waggle your finger — whooping-cough, say fifteen shillings” — and so on it went, and it added up differently each time; but at last Wendy just got through, with mumps reduced to twelve six, and the two kinds of measles treated as one.

was the same excitement over John, and Michael had even a narrower squeak; but both were kept, and soon, you might have seen the three of them going in a row to Miss Fulsom’s Kindergarten school, accompanied by their nurse.

Mrs. Darling loved to have everything just so, and Mr. Darling had a passion for being exactly like his neighbours; so, of course, they had a nurse. As they were poor, owing to the amount of milk the children drank, this nurse was a prim Newfoundland dog, called Nana, who had belonged to no one in particular until the Darlings engaged her. She had always thought children important, however, and the Darlings had become acquainted with her in Kensington Gardens, where she spent most of her spare time peeping into perambulators, and was much hated by careless nursemaids, whom she followed to their homes and complained of to their mistresses. She proved to be quite a treasure of a nurse. How thorough she was at bath-time, and up at any moment of the night if one of her charges made the slightest cry. Of course her kennel was in the nursery. She had a genius for knowing when a cough is a thing to have no patience with and when it needs stocking around your throat. She believed to her last day in old-fashioned remedies like

arb leaf, and made sounds of contempt over all this new-fangled talk about germs, and so on. It was a lesson in propriety to see her escorting the children to school, walking sedately by their side when they were well behaved, and butting them back into line if they strayed. On John’s footer [in England soccer was called football, “footer” for short] days she never once forgot his sweater, and she usually carried an umbrella in her mouth in case of rain. There is a room in the basement of Miss Fulsom’s school where the nurses wait. They sat on forms, while Nana lay on the floor, but that was the only difference. They affected to ignore her as of an inferior social status to themselves, and she despised their light talk. She resented visits to the nursery from Mrs. Darling’s friends, but if they did come she first whipped off Michael’s pinafore and put him into the one with blue braiding, and smoothed out Wendy and made a dash at John’s hair.

No nursery could possibly have been conducted more correctly, and Mr. Darling knew it, yet he sometimes wondered uneasily whether the neighbours talked.

He had his position in the city to consider.

 also troubled him in another way. He had sometimes a feeling that she did not admire him. “I know she admires you tremendously, George,” Mrs. Darling would assure him, and then she would sign to the children to be specially nice to father. Lovely dances followed, in which the only other servant, Liza, was sometimes allowed to join. Such a midget she looked in her long skirt and maid’s cap, though she had sworn, when engaged, that she would never see ten again. The gaiety of those romps! And gayest of all was Mrs. Darling, who would pirouette so wildly that all you could see of her was the kiss, and then if you had dashed at her you might have got it. There never was a simpler happier family until the coming of Peter Pan.

Mrs. Darling first heard of Peter when she was tidying up her children’s minds. It is the nightly custom of every good mother after her children are asleep to rummage in their minds and put things straight for next morning, repacking into their proper places the many articles that have wandered during the day. If you could keep awake (but of course you can’t) you would see your own mother doing this, and you would find it very interesting to watch her. It is quite like tidying up drawers. You would see her on her knees, I expect, lingering humorously over some of your contents,
Wait finally it's cooked T-T

haganezuka san- .. bruhh nezuko is tooo kawaii i can't T-T.. 14:14 it was clean af, boi everyone maxed out in a blink of an eye i had to watch twice that part.. genya really said ohh you sure it's only sword fight?
Yup so far its more comedy than action but remember everybody gotta heal up and train a lil first. All the badass action scene should be right around the corner
I'm pretty sure they use them a few times with zenitsu related stuff, and he shows up a little less in the second half of the show, so I can't really recall if they do it later...

But yeah, the parody faces are mostly there to make it easier to digest all the dialogue stuff, DS always uses comedy to mask out the stillness of whatever has to happen between fights.
Edit: It's not right around the corner, it's fckn here‼️‼️
19:57 this one gonna be a meme face fs.. nahh bruhh i only started how tf it's ended..
Warning: There are many 9anime copy cat sites on the internet, please bookmark 9anime.me to update about 9anime's domains.
The Swordsmith Village Arc has undergone adaptation, featuring a debut episode stretching up to around 49 minutes. Furthermore, the showcasing of the episode took place in advance across theaters worldwide, as a one-of-a-kind screening experience coinciding with the final two episodes of Kimetsu no Yaiba: Yuukaku-hen.
The next episode is predicted to arrive on 2023/04/30 00:30 GMT (12 hours, 36 minutes, 41 seconds)
Damn.. MiHawk is so cool
"It's about time we eat."
"But the food storage is empty..."
"There is a lot of things we can catch and eat... My honey, I wanna eat your homemade dishes!"
comparatively whitebeard's a fucking beast so it will be interesting to see how luffy's power and abilities are gonna evolve into something of the same scale to be able to achieve his dream of becoming the King of the Pirates
I dunno. Even when Mihawk first spoke to Luffy at the restaurant he told Luffy his dream was even greater than wanting to beat him. Being King of the Pirates is to essentially be above every person on the planet in terms of respect in a way that you are considered truly the most free. That probably even means being untouchable by the world government which is nigh impossible. The only way for such a person to be caught would be for them to turn themselves in much like what Roger did. Regardless though yeah they both have pretty intense dreams and ambition.